Removing some redundant text, cleaning up section on the data browser (#284)
solid/information: weekly-updates/this-week-in-solid-2019-09-12.md

No updates

### [Data Browser Project](https://github.com/orgs/solid/projects/4)

A number of libraries that together combine to form the data browser have seen a version 1 release. More specifically, this concerns [mashlib](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mashlib), [solid-ui](https://www.npmjs.com/package/solid-ui) and [rdflib](https://www.npmjs.com/package/rdflib).

These releases do not contain major changes; rather, marking them as v1 merely represents the reality of trying not to introduce breaking changes to them.

#### Introducing user types Developer and Power User

> The data browser team at inrupt is dedicated to make the Solid data browser the best that it can be. As part of this work, we wanted to improve the onboarding experience for new users, and we identified the number of views (aka panes) as one of the challenges for new users. Some of these views are also difficult to use, and we concluded that it might be prudent to limit some of the views shown.

Reviewer: `dedicated to make` -> `dedicated to making`

To address this we've introduced the concept of [user types](https://megoth.inrupt.net/public/SolidDataBrowser//current.html#user-types---developer-and-power-user). These are opt-in and saved in user's preferences, which are private by default. The idea is that the various views can describe which user types they consider as their audience, and the data browser will hide these views if the user hasn't self-assigned that user type.

An exception to this rule is that if a given resource is about a very specific thing, the data browser will still include the most relevant view for this, even thought the view have indicated an audience that you're not part of (this is useful when resources are shared with other users that have other or no user types self-assigned).

#### How will this affect my experience of the data browser

> If the Solid server that hosts your Pod is using a version of the data browser that utilizes this feature (solid.community and inrupt.net will upgrade to this as soon as we've fixed some bugs, probably in a couple of weeks), you will notice that some views disappear. To access these views you will have to set user roles for yourself. You can do this through Preferences, which you can access through your Dashboard (which is globally available through your user menu, or on the root of your Pod).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Solid server that hosts your Pod is using a version of the data browser that includes this feature _(note: solid.community and inrupt.net will upgrade to this as soon as we've fixed some bugs, probably by early October, 2019)_, you may notice that some views disappear. To access these views, you will have to set user roles for yourself. You can do this through Preferences, which you can access through your Dashboard (which is globally available through your user menu, or on the root of your Pod).
```

#### Introducing user types Developer and Power User

> The data browser team at inrupt is dedicated to improve the Solid data browser. As part of this work, we wanted to improve the on-boarding experience for new users, and we identified the number of views (aka panes) as one of the challenges for new users. Some of these views are also difficult to use, and we concluded that it might be prudent to limit some of the views shown.

Reviewer: `dedicated to improve` -> `dedicated to improving`

Reviewer 2: Always the keen eye, thanks @TallTed :)

Protip: if you click the Suggestion button (see below), you can suggest a new line that can be directly incorporated with the click of a button.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4251/65018644-df9cea00-d929-11e9-8b88-2a18cd875d4c.png)

Example:

```suggestion
The data browser team at inrupt is dedicated to improving the Solid data browser. As part of this work, we wanted to improve the on-boarding experience for new users, and we identified the number of views (aka panes) as one of the challenges for new users. Some of these views are also difficult to use, and we concluded that it might be prudent to limit some of the views shown.
```

Author: The latest commit addresses this - sorry for not fixing the form in the previous commit.

Reviewer: Thanks, @Vinnl, that button is far from obvious in the UI!
